The name Google is a play on the word "googol," a mathematical term referring to a 1 followed by 100 zeros (represented as 1 x 10<sup>100</sup>).Alphabet, Inc., Google's parent company, Statistics fromof the world market share of search engines.Is one of many sites currently blocked in China.Is one of many sites currently blocked in China.Founders  and  meet at Stanford. Page and Brin collaborate on a search engine called BackRub. It exists solely on Stanford's servers and eventually outgrows its space. Google.com is registered as a domain. Andy Bechtolsteim, co-founder of Sun Microsystems, becomes the first investor in Google, Inc. Google, Inc. files for incorporation with its headquarters in friend and current YouTube CEO Susan Wojcicki's garage in Menlo Park.  Google gets its first real office in Palo Alto, California. Later in the year they move to Mountain View, California. Launches web searches in ten new languages.  joins the company as chairman of the board of directors Google Images launches with 250 million searchable images. Schmidt becomes CEO, while Page becomes President of Products and Brin becomes President of Technology. Google News launches with 4,000 news sources. Acquires Pyra Labs, creators of Blogger.Google Books launches.  The headquarters moves into the Googleplex. Gmail launches on  despite it being a real email service. Acquires Picasa, an online photo arranger, from Idealab.  Conducts an on NASDAQ. The offering raises about $1.2 billion for the company.  , a service that allows user to search scholarly literature, launches with The University of Michigan, Stanford, Harvard and Oxford universities, as well as the New York Public Library behind it.  Google Maps launches. Google Earth launches, allowing users to view satellite imagery of any place in the world. Google Talk launches, becoming Google's first instant messenger. Acquires YouTube for $1.65 billion and launches Google Docs, an online application for creating documents. Launches Android OS, an open source mobile device platform.The G1, the first Android phone, is unveiled by T-Mobile. Google Chrome, a web browser, launches.  launches. It gives you a phone number which you can set to ring any phone in the United States. Google Maps Navigation launches allowing turn-by-turn GPS navigation. Page resumes CEO title after 10 years away, while Schmidt becomes executive chairman.The device later debuts as  Releases Chromecast, a device that connects to your TV and allows sites like Netflix to be shown from phones, tablets and computers.Announces , an initiative to bring Android technology to smartwatches.. , forming an umbrella company called Alphabet and naming Sundar Pichai as the new CEO to the core business of Google. Co-founders Page and Brin will run Alphabet, with Page as CEO and Brin as president.Alphabet will become the parent company of separate, smaller companies, one of which is Google.Representatives from Google,  and Twitter  for breaching  antitrust rules. The European Commission found that the tech giant denied "consumers a genuine choice" by using its search engine to unfairly steer them to its own shopping platform.that  The company announces that . He will remain on the board and continue to serve as a technical adviser. In addition to the fine, Google is ordered to stop the practices within 90 days or face additional penalties.The European Commission orders Google to pay  The Commission found that Google blocked its rivals from placing advertisements on third party websites by imposing exclusivity clauses in AdSense contracts.  that Google has agreed to pay a record $170 million penalty to  The disclosure marks the first public acknowledgment by Google and its parent that they are directly involved with the DOJ's review of the biggest players in Silicon Valley, which was announced in July. The probe will focus on whether Google () has harmed competition and consumers, looking at least initially into the company's conduct in its search, advertising and other businesses.  agrees to take up a major copyright case against Google. The justices will consider a lower court ruling that said Google violated copyright laws when it used Oracle's open-source Java software to build the Android platform. as CEO and president, respectively. The co-founders will continue to serve on Alphabet's board of directors.  Pichai, ,  CEO  and CEO  all ., alleging the tech company has stifled competition in order to maintain its leading position in the marketplace. Eleven states have joined the lawsuit in what is the largest antitrust case against a tech company in more than two decades.