October 28, 1955Seattle, WashingtonWilliam Henry Gates IIIWilliam Henry Gates II, attorneyWilliam Henry Gates II, attorneyMary (Maxwell) Gates, schoolteacherMelinda (French) Gates (January 1, 1994-present) Phoebe Adele, 2002; Rory John, 1999; Jennifer Katharine, 1996Attended Harvard University, 1973-1975Was No. 1 on the Forbes World's Billionaires List for 12 consecutive years from 1995 to 2007. As of 2019, the  has issued  to charitable causes. Microsoft is the world's largest software company.Begins programming computers at age 13. While still in school, co-founds Traf-O-Data, a company which analyzes local traffic patterns. Congressional page for the US House of Representatives.Drops out of Harvard and co-founds Microsoft (formerly Micro Soft) with . President of Microsoft. Develops MS-DOS (Microsoft Disk Operating System) for IBM. Two million copies are sold by 1984, and by the early 1990s, more than 100 million copies are sold. Chairman of the Board of Directors for Microsoft.Gates introduces the Microsoft Windows operating system to compete with .Begins developing and promoting CD-ROM technology. Becomes the youngest US billionaire, worth $1.25 billion at 31 years old.  Founder of Corbis, a digital image company.The US Department of Justice, 20 states and the District of Columbia all file lawsuits accusing Microsoft of using illegal, anti-competitive and exclusionary practices. Resigns as CEO of Microsoft and becomes chief software architect.   Microsoft reaches a settlement with the Justice Department in the . Nine states agree to the settlement but nine other states and the District of Columbia consider the imposed sanctions too lenient.US District Court Judge Colleen Kollar-Kotelly approves most of the proposed settlement between Microsoft and the Justice Department, ruling against the dissenting nine states and the District of Columbia. Knighted by .Named Time Magazine's "Person of the Year" along with his wife Melinda and musician . Announces that he will be giving up his daily role at Microsoft effective July 2008, to concentrate on his humanitarian and educational interests. Delivers the commencement address at Harvard University, the school he dropped out of in 1975. He also receives an honorary degree.   Falls to No. 3 on the Forbes' list of billionaires, after a 12-year run at the top of list.  Gates retires from day-to-day work at Microsoft to concentrate on philanthropy.  Gates announces a partnership with the Chinese Ministry of Health to help fight an epidemic of  in China, supported by a $33 million grant provided by the Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation.Gates Foundation announces it will donate $10 billion for research over the next 10 years.  Assists in the launch of the  fund during the 2015 Climate Change Conference. The private fund has more than 28 investors, including  andThe fund is created to rally and increase investments in carbon-free and alternate energy solutions.Gates and his wife receive the Presidential Medal of Freedom from . Gates announces he is investing $50 million in the Dementia Discovery Fund, a private-public partnership focused on  research. It is reported that Gates is  to "dedicate more time to his philanthropic priorities."Ranks No. 2 on, with a net worth of $98 billion at the time of publication.