Trump made the comments in a  from the White House published to his Twitter feed Wednesday. He added that he wants patients in the hospital for Covid-19 to get the Regeneron or Eli Lilly treatments for free, "especially if you're a senior."Shares of   -- which  since Trump first received a high dose of its experimental cocktail REGN-COV2 last week following his  -- were up another 3% in early trading Thursday. Big Pharma company   stock was up about 1.5%.has raised some ethical concerns. He has ties to the company: The president once owned the stock, though his most recent disclosure forms for his investments do not show Regeneron as a holding. Trump is also an acquaintance of the biotech's CEO Dr. Leonard Schleifer, who has been a member at the president's golf club in Westchester, New York.Both  and  have already announced that they are seeking emergency authorization for their Covid-19 treatments. Although Regeneron's drug might help to alleviate some of the symptoms of coronavirus, it is not a Covid-19 cure. Trump made that misleading claim in his video."They gave me Regeneron, and it was like, unbelievable," he said. "I know they call them therapeutic, but to me it wasn't therapeutic, it just made me better. I call that a cure." Regeneron is also the name of the company, not the drug that Trump took. REGN-COV2 is the codename for the antibody cocktail the president received. But several other biotechs and Big Pharma companies, such as  ,  ,   and  , are . All of them have received government funding as part of the  program.Separately, Eli Lilly also said Wednesday that it is working with the Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation, the charitable arm of the   co-founder and his wife, to produce more of its antibody treatments for poorer nations."It is vital that people, no matter where they live or their ability to pay, can access effective therapeutics," said Mark Suzman, CEO of the Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation, in . "It is encouraging to see Lilly stepping up and committing to making products more affordable and accessible to everyone who needs them. Until every country can effectively tackle Covid-19, no country will be safe," Suzman added. 