The is founded by Henry Gerber in Chicago. It is the first documented gay rights organization.The Mattachine Society is formed by activist Harry Hay and is one of the first sustained gay rights groups in the United States. The Society focuses on social acceptance and other support for homosexuals. The American Psychiatric Association's diagnostic manual lists homosexuality as a President Dwight D. Eisenhower signs an that bans homosexuals from working for the federal government, saying they are a security risk.President Dwight D. Eisenhower signs an that bans homosexuals from working for the federal government, saying they are a security risk.The first known lesbian rights organization in the United States forms in San Francisco. Daughters of Bilitis (DOB). They host private social functions, fearing police raids, threats of violence and discrimination in bars and clubs.  Illinois becomes the first state to  by repealing their sodomy laws.The first  airs on a local station in California.Police raid the Protests and demonstrations begin, and it later becomes known as the impetus for the gay civil rights movement in the United States.  is renamed "The Advocate." It is considered the oldest continuing LGBTQ publication that began as a newsletter published by the activist group Community members in New York City march through the local streets to recognize the one-year anniversary of the Stonewall riots. This event is named  and is now considered the first gay pride parade. becomes the first legal organization established to fight for the equal rights of gays and lesbians. Lambda also becomes their own first client after being denied non-profit status; the New York Supreme Court eventually rules that Lambda Legal can exist as a non-profit.Maryland becomes the first state to statutorily ban .First meeting of which goes national as Parents, Families and Friends of Lesbians and Gays (PFLAG) in 1982.By a vote of 5,854 to 3,810, from its list of mental disorders in the DSM-II Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders.   when she wins a seat on the Ann Arbor, Michigan City Council.  to a state office when she is elected to the Massachusetts State legislature. The is introduced to address discrimination based on sexual orientation. The bill later goes to the Judiciary Committee but is never brought for consideration. Technical Sergeant Leonard P. Matlovich reveals his sexual orientation to his commanding officer and is forcibly discharged from the Air Force six months later. Matlovich is a  veteran and was awarded both the Purple Heart and the Bronze Star. In 1980, the Court of Appeals rules that the dismissal was improper. Matlovich is awarded his back pay and a retroactive promotion.  After undergoing gender reassignment surgery in 1975, ophthalmologist and professional tennis player Renee Richards is banned from competing in the women's  because of a "women-born-women" rule. Richards challenges the decision and in 1977 and the New York Supreme Court rules in her favor. Richards competes in the 1977 US Open but is defeated in the first round by Virginia Wade. and is the first openly gay man to be elected to a political office in California. In November, by Dan White, who had recently resigned from his San Francisco board position and wanted Moscone to reappoint him. White later serves just over five years in prison for voluntary manslaughter.Inspired by Milk to develop a symbol of pride and hope for the LGBTQ community, together the  The first National takes place. It draws an estimated 75,000 to 125,000 individuals marching for LGBTQ rights.Wisconsin becomes the first state to outlaw discrimination based on sexual orientation. Lambda Legal wins People v. West 12 Tenants Corp., the first  discrimination lawsuit. Neighbors attempted to evict Dr. Joseph Sonnabend from the building because he was treating HIV-positive patients.signs a military policy directive that prohibits openly gay and lesbian Americans from serving in the military, but also prohibits the harassment of "closeted" homosexuals. The policy is known asThe  goes into effect as part of the Violent Crime Control and Law Enforcement Act of 1994. The law allows a judge to impose harsher sentences if there is evidence showing that a victim was selected because of the "actual or perceived race, color, religion, national origin, ethnicity, gender, disability, or sexual orientation of any person." President Clinton signs the  banning federal recognition of same-sex marriage and defining marriage as "a legal union between one man and one woman as husband and wife." making Hawaii the first state to recognize that gay and lesbian couples are entitled to the same privileges as heterosexual married couples.Comedian  comes out as a lesbian on the cover of Time magazine, stating,  DeGeneres' character, Ellen Morgan, on her self-titled TV series "Ellen," becomes the first leading character to come out on a prime-time network television show. widow,, asks the civil rights community to help in the effort to extinguish homophobia.is tied to a fence and beaten near Laramie, Wyoming. He is eventually found by a cyclist, who initially mistakes him for a scarecrow. He later dies due to his injuries sustained in the beating.Russell Henderson and Aaron McKinney from Laramie, Wyoming, make their first court appearance after being arrested for the attempted murder of Shepard. Eventually, they each receive two life sentences for killing Shepard.The strikes down the "homosexual conduct" law, which decriminalizes same-sex sexual conduct, with their opinion in Lawrence v. Texas. The decision also reverses Bowers v. Hardwick, a 1986 US Supreme Court ruling that upheld Georgia's sodomy law.The first legal same-sex marriage in the United States The California legislature becomes the first to pass a bill allowing marriage between same-sex couples.  vetoes the bill.The rules that state lawmakers must provide the rights and benefits of marriage to gay and lesbian couples. The California Supreme Court rules in  that limiting marriage to opposite-sex couples is unconstitutional.Voters approve Proposition 8 in California, which makes same-sex marriage illegal. The proposition is later found to be unconstitutional by a federal judge.Milk is posthumously awarded the Medal of Freedom by .Obama signs the  into law. "Don't Ask, Don't Tell" is repealed, ending a ban on gay men and lesbians from serving openly in the military. In an ABC interview,Obama becomes the first sitting US president to publicly support the  The Democratic Party becomes the first major US political party in history to publicly support same-sex marriage on a national platform at the Democratic National Convention. openly gay politician and the first Wisconsin woman to be elected to the US Senate.  In , the US Supreme Court strikes down section 3 of the Defense of Marriage Act, ruling that legally married same-sex couples are entitled to federal benefits. The high court also dismisses a case involving California's proposition 8.The allowing lower court rulings to stand, and therefore allowing same-sex couples to marry in Utah, Oklahoma, Virginia, Indiana and Wisconsin. The decision opens the door for the right to marry in Colorado, Kansas, North Carolina, South Carolina, West Virginia and Wyoming.  announces that the .  in Kentucky, Tennessee, Ohio and Michigan. On June 26 the Supreme Court rules that states cannot ban same-sex marriage. The 5-4 ruling had writing for the majority. Each of the four conservative justices writes their own dissent. President  announces, "the national executive board ratified a resolution removing the national restriction on openly gay leaders and employees." making him the first openly gay secretary of a US military branch. Fanning previously served as Defense Secretary Carter's chief of staff, and also served as undersecretary of the Air Force and deputy undersecretary of the Navy.  The  will encompass Christopher Park, the Stonewall Inn and the surrounding streets and sidewalks that were the sites of the 1969 Stonewall uprising. Secretary of Defense Carter announces that the Pentagon is  in the summer The Human Rights Campaign estimates that there are at least 41 openly lesbian, gay and bisexual Olympians -- up from 23 that participated in London 2012.Kate Brown is sworn in as governor of Oregon, a day after she was officially elected to the office. Brown becomes the highest-ranking LGBTQ person elected to office in the United States. Brown took over the governorship in February 2016 (without an election), after Democrat John Kitzhaber resigned amidst a criminal investigation. , after Kimberly Hively sues Ivy Tech Community College for violating Title VII of the act by denying her employment. DC residents become the first people in the United States to be able to choose X as their gender marker instead of male or female on driver's licenses and identification cards. Similar policies exist in Canada, India, Bangladesh, Australia, New Zealand and Nepal.a six-month delay in allowing transgendered individuals to enlist in the United States military.  writes that they "will use this additional time to evaluate more carefully the impact of such accessions on readiness and lethality." Approximately a month later,announces via   Roem becomes the first openly transgender candidate elected to a state legislature in American history.The Pentagon confirms that the in history when she introduces a performance by Sufjan Stevens, whose song "Mystery of Love" from the "Call Me By Your Name" soundtrack, is nominated for best original song. After several court battles, the Supreme Court allows the ban to go into effect in January 2019.Democratic US Representative, becoming the nation's first openly gay man to be elected governor.  New York Governor Andrew Cuomo signs a law banning the use of the so-called  The tactic asks a jury to find that a victim's sexual orientation or gender identity is to blame for a defendant's violent reaction. New York follows California, Rhode Island, Illinois, Nevada and Connecticut as the sixth state to pass such a law.   to win the for best lead actor in a drama series. The ruling marks the first time a federal appeals court has ruled that a state must provide gender assignment surgery to an incarcerated person. According to the court opinion, "the gender confirmation surgery ("GCS") was medically necessary for Edmo, and ordered the State to provide the surgery." Idaho Governor Brad Little said in a written statement, "We will vigorously litigate the Ninth Circuit's unprecedented ruling at the Supreme Court because the taxpayers of Idaho should not have to pay for a procedure that is not medically necessary." . The  extends protections to millions of workers nationwide and is a defeat for the Trump administration, which argued that Title VII of the Civil Rights Act that bars discrimination based on sex did not extend to claims of gender identity and sexual orientation. The decision relies in part on the Supreme Court's decision in June 2020, stating that discrimination against people based on their gender identity or sexual orientation violates Title VII of theThe general election results in three legislative firsts.  wins the Senate race for Delaware District 1, and will become the nation's first person who publicly identifies as transgender to serve as a state senator.  wins the House race for New York District 15, and will become the first Black member of Congress who identifies as gay.  wins the race for Oklahoma state House for District 88, and will become the first nonbinary state legislator in US history and first Muslim lawmaker in Oklahoma.