The  finished the day up nearly 455 points, or 1.5%. The blue chip index hit a new all-time high in the process, finally . The Dow is now up more than 5% in 2020.The  closed 1.6% higher and the  ended 1.3% higher on Tuesday, and they too are not far from all-time highs. The S&P 500 has gained 12.5% this year, while the Nasdaq has surged 34%.The latest catalyst: It appears that a  from President Donald Trump to  is finally underway. News came Monday that the General Services Administration is starting the so-called ascertainment process, which allows Trump administration officials to coordinate with the Biden team. And that follows more promising  developments on Monday, as well as sources confirming to CNN that former Federal Reserve chair  will be Biden's nominee for .And that follows more promising  developments on Monday, as well as sources confirming to CNN that former Federal Reserve chair  will be Biden's nominee for .Some market strategists were quick to point out that the Dow's rise above 30,000 is a more psychological milestone than anything else. But it does show just how .  "Although 30,000 isn't much different than 29,999, there is something special about those big milestone numbers. This is yet another reminder of how far stocks and the economy have come since the depths of March," said Ryan Detrick, chief market strategist for LPL Financial, in a report. Along those lines, the is now showing levels of Extreme Greed.It's also worth noting that Tuesday's rally comes as many investors get ready for the Thanksgiving holiday. The stock market in the US is closed Thursday and only open for a half day of trading on Black Friday. So it may be a mistake to make too much of this week's market moves. It may not be solely about Biden, Yellen and the transition."It's also important to keep in mind we're in for a holiday period in the US — and lighter volumes, news flow and attendance could certainly have an impact as well," said Yousef Abbasi, global market strategist at StoneX, in a report.Beyond the three main indexes, the  -- an index that is home to  that are expected to benefit from a rebound in the US economy -- gained nearly 2% and also hit a new record high on Tuesday."A new high is not in itself any kind of danger sign," said Invesco global market strategist Brian Levitt in a report Tuesday. "If you believe that the world will continue to get better for most inhabitants of Planet Earth, then you should expect markets to trend upward over long periods." rallied as well, lifting big energy stocks like   and  . Shares of travel related companies, such as airlines, cruise lines and hotels, also continued to rebound on hopes of a more normal economy in 2021. Shares of  ,   and   were all higher.The euphoric trading frenzy for several momentum investments continued as well Tuesday. Tesla, which is set to be next month, surged to a nand is now worth more than $500 billion. Tesla CEO Elon Musk is now was Bill Gates.But the rally is broadening out, as it's not just big tech stocks and other momentum plays that are soaring. Warren Buffett's  ,  ,  ,   and   also hit new all-time highs.Cannabis stocks  ,  ,   and   also soared again Tuesday,  this month as investors bet that a Biden administration could seek to  at a federal level. Several more states also .And cryptocurrency darling  continued to move closer to a record high. Bitcoin prices were up nearly 4% and hovering around $19,100 Tuesday — just below their December 2017 peak of $19,783.